bye
you
I got mcfatty here in slide surfstitch
headquarters thanks for coming it might
go look here in the total so I up until
my last year I had a bit of time off but
see the spin garden from prep to listen
um not too much to eat with them yeah as
good as good year last year and then
yeah to come I've been pretty much home
for since just before Christmas and yeah
I've been lucky enough i haven't had to
go anywhere we've had wives so just been
surfing and and he obviously training
and just getting ready for you yeah nice
so these stats that yeah 10 years on the
toilet and I told several times any word
on if not to tip off our shelter just to
UM and never been lower than 11th pretty
sure so that's a long time to be focused
and you know you're always in with a
shot really cover use a lot of those
very the first comment is well yeah I
was fun yeah um so everyone's ribbon on
tour the man like pretty much anyone's a
shot at any given time who are you
picking 40 the year or just or just for
snapper well obviously Joel's probably
got a lot of confidence coming into the
year you know things go with linger on
top it sort of just give you confidence
and
you know obviously Kelly's one of those
guys but then there's you know I think
the younger guys are going to be pushing
pretty strong you know you got John John
an hour and who else is that guy yeah
yeah nothing those three guys you can
you know start off really strong and
then I think Jordi is gonna have a
biggie i don't know ain't missin ya los
/a yeah the other rare backup be good to
uh could the same flaring hang because
it really has been yeah you're surfing
already just my views morning other
things yep so I'm you're touring a lot
what's here what's the best up on the
telephone ah ah I love Fiji it's done
you know stuck on the smaller while and
and you know everyone sort of just Hank
that a lot of time you stuck in hotels
or different houses no one really gets
to hang out but in Fiji it all eat
together surf together and yeah it's
it's good fun it's like a bit of edge of
competition when it just feels like
you're free so when you make sure that
still always there in a vacuum on value
yeah it's fun most things you know you
can't really compete until it's your
hate you know one yeah it's a torture
yeah just having fun and enjoying the
places where you go along the time yeah
guys um what's your one essential so
everyone's been saying passport so I
can't say fastball or ticket or wallet
so what's your scent or your board so
what's your essential Chapel item that
you know take video pillow pillow do ask
it's quick yeah I I don't move anywhere
without my halo and it's great to
examine for sleep anyway I discover cool
yeah beautiful I just last little bit is
on spy little quick one so what is your
boys boys rape some points points take
off eb1 spirit all of the above
beautiful hi min away or away why yeah
all right say thanks coming in my shadow
is thank you